{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34000\viewh21380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - how you detected the arena using arena markers\
\
1) i used detectMarkers function to get the corners of the markers\
2) created an empty list and used for loop to store the centre of each marker in that empty list\
3) after the for loop, i converted the python list into numpy array \
4) re-ordered the elements of the array to connect the points properly and bound the arena\
5) polylines function to bound the arena\
\
- how you detected yellow plants\
\
1) i used an application called \'91digital colour meter\'92 to get the values of pixels of the yellow plant in RGB. i took 6 sample values and then converted them into HSV values.\
2) i just took the lowest and the largest values as my lower and upper limits of the hsv range for yellow colour detection\
3) now that i had the range, i converted the image to hsv format, defined the ranges and masked the image. i had to tweak the range many times tho. \
4) in that isolated part of the arena i used findcontours to outline the plants and any other object that may have also gotten masked in the last step. \
5) then using a for loop iterating over each contour, i calculated the area of these contours. \
6) then using a conditional statement that if area > 230, i drew a rectangle around it. area was also calculated using trial and error. \
\
- challenges \
\
1) when i was trying to bound the arenas using the centres of the markers, the diagonals were getting produced as well. so i first checked the order of points in the array, and after confirming that the order is improper, i re-ordered the array in a manner that only a closed shaped will be produced and not the diagonals. \
2) with the range i had taken initially, although the yellow plants were getting detected, but the rectangle getting drawn over covered only partial part of it, not the whole plant. the issue the was my range was very narrow and thats why only some yellow part of the plant was getting detected. so i had to tweak my range a lot to finally get a rectangle which covered the whole plant properly.\
3) finding the area was also a bit difficult because i was taking it too small, other objects like the apples were also getting detected, and i also could not keep it very large. so by trial and error, i had to find the right area over which the contour will be detected and will get bounded by a rectangle. }